Refactoring separating the files (#4)
shadow-robot/sr_experimental_documentation: docs/user_guide/1_6_software_description.md

## Repositories

Our code is split into different repositories:

* [sr_common](https://github.com/shadow-robot/sr_common): This repository contains the bare minimum for communicating with the Shadow Hand from a remote computer (urdf models and messages).
* [sr_core](https://github.com/shadow-robot/sr_core): These are the core packages for the Shadow Robot hardware and simulation.
* [sr_interface](https://github.com/shadow-robot/sr_interface): This repository contains the high level interface and its dependencies for interacting simply with our robots.
* [sr_tools](https://github.com/shadow-robot/sr_tools): This repository contains more advanced tools that might be needed in specific use cases.
* [sr_visualization](https://github.com/shadow-robot/sr_visualization): This repository contains the various rqt_gui plugins we developed.
* [sr_config](https://github.com/shadow-robot/sr_config): This repository contains the customer specific configuration for the Shadow Robot Hand.

## Robot commander

> The robot commander provides a high level interface to easily control the different robots supported by Shadow Robot. It encapsulate the functionality provided by different ROS packages, specially the moveit_commander, enabling their access throughout a more simplified interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The robot commander provides a high level interface to easily control the different robots supported by Shadow Robot. It encapsulates functionality provided by different ROS packages, especially the moveit_commander, providing access via a simplified interface.
```

There are three clases available:
* [SrRobotCommander](https://github.com/shadow-robot/sr_interface/blob/kinetic-devel/sr_robot_commander/src/sr_robot_commander/sr_robot_commander.py): base class. Documentation can be found in the following [link](https://dexterous-hand.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/2_software_description.html#srrobotcommander).
* [SrHandCommander](https://github.com/shadow-robot/sr_interface/blob/kinetic-devel/sr_robot_commander/src/sr_robot_commander/sr_hand_commander.py): hand management class. Documentation can be found in the following [link](https://dexterous-hand.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/2_software_description.html#srhandcommander).
* [SrArmCommander](https://github.com/shadow-robot/sr_interface/blob/kinetic-devel/sr_robot_commander/src/sr_robot_commander/sr_arm_commander.py): hand management class

### SrArmCommander

The SrArmCommander inherits all methods from the [robot commander](https://dexterous-hand.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/2_software_description.html#srrobotcommander) and provides commands specific to the arm. It allows movement to a certain position in cartesian space, to a configuration in joint space

> or move using certain trajectory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or move using a trajectory.
```

   # To only plan
   arm_commander.plan_to_position_target(new_position)
    
   # To plan and move
   arm_commander.move_to_position_target(new_position)
```

#### Plan/move to a pose target
```eval_rst
Using the method ``move_to_pose_target`` allows the end effector of the arm to be moved to a certain pose
(position and orientation) in the space represented by (x, y, z, rot\_x,
rot\_y, rot\_z).

Parameters:

-  *pose* desired pose of end-effector: a Pose message, a PoseStamped
   message or a list of 6 floats: [x, y, z, rot\_x, rot\_y, rot\_z] or a
   list of 7 floats [x, y, z, qx, qy, qz, qw]
-  *end\_effector\_link* name of the end effector link (default value is
   empty string)
-  *wait* indicates if the method should wait for the movement to end or not
   (default value is True)
```
##### Example
```eval_rst

.. code:: python

   rospy.init_node("robot_commander_examples", anonymous=True)
   arm_commander = SrArmCommander(name="right_arm", set_ground=True)

   new_pose = [0.5, 0.3, 1.2, 0, 1.57, 0]
   
   # To only plan
   arm_commander.plan_to_pose_target(new_pose)
   
   # To plan and move
   arm_commander.move_to_pose_target(new_pose)

```
## Creating a new world/scene

> In this section, instructions on how to create, modify and save new `.world` and `.scene` file are provided. All the necessary console commands are described in depth, however, it is recommended that the user uses graphical user interface introduced at the end of this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, instructions on how to create, modify and save new `.world` and `.scene` file are provided. All the necessary console commands are described in depth, however, it is recommended that the user uses the graphical user interface introduced at the end of this section.
```
